Wow, what a productive learning session! I had met with you Michael to go over switch statement coding, and I took what we did with that and used it for a couple of things -- Mostly, I reused the switch coding to do both story elements and choice elements that depend on a number of 1-10, and also in the end used a switch statement to decide what colour the title id had! It was harder than it seems, however, and I did refer to chatGPT to help me out in some spots. Specifically, I needed help figuring out how to change colours with a switch statement, and how to have both a story switch and a choice switch that worked together! I told chatGPT to keep as much of the original code as possible, so in that way it was probably 90% my work and 10& GPT help. It really helped for me to see how chatGPT would use the code I already had to achieve what I wanted, and I learned that you can in fact have multiple functions that all rely on the same input to do something different, which is awesome! I like that with chatGPT you can specify that you want to use as much of your own code as possible, in that sense it feels more like a helpful tool and less like something that just does everything for you.

I had a lot of fun with this! I also saw that you wanted loop statements, so at the bottom I had the text "you need to wake up" loop several times. I also learned this week that a button can call more than one function if you separate them with a semicolon - the act button is what triggers my colour changing text!